Describe your education
What is your area of specialization?
Is your subject very challenging (or difficult) to study? 
What was your favorite subject as a child?
Are you looking forward to working?
What do you do when you have a difficulty with your studies? 
How did you learn science at school? 
What's more important when studying the student or teacher?
What kind of school did you go to as a child?
Can you describe your primary school?
What’s one thing you would change about your primary school?
What was your favourite outdoor game when you were a child?
Is shopping a popular activity in your country?
What’s your favorite indoor activity?
What sorts of indoor games do children in your country play now?
What is the busiest part of the day for you?
What part of your day do you like best? 
Do you usually have the same routine everyday?
What is your daily routine?
Do you think it is important to have a daily routine?
What would you like to change in your day to day routine?
Where is your hometown?
Would you like to return to your hometown when you will retire?
Would you like to live in the countryside?
Has it changed much since you were a child?
Where would you take a visitor to your hometown?
Do you like your country?
Describe your country.
Which part of your country do most people live in?
How much do you feel your country has changed over the past few decades?
What kinds of books did you like to read when you were young?
Have you ever given others books as gifts?
What’s your favorite kind of books?
Do you like to watch films?
What kinds of movies do you like best?
How often do you go to a cinema to watch a movie?
Do Vietnamese people like to go to a cinema to watch a film?
What was the first film that you watched?
What is the influence of foreign shows on Vietnamese viewers?
Do you like watching TV programs?
What type of TV program do you like most?
Do you love listening to music? 
What kinds of music do you love listening to?
What kind of natural sound do you love to listen to? 
Where and when do you usually listen to music?
Where would you prefer to listen to music, at home or in the concert hall? 
Which way would you prefer to listen to music, MP3 or HiFi ?
Do you play any instrument? And what is it?
How do you feel about the phenomenon, that parents in Vietnam are always forcing their kids to learn all kinds of instruments.
Do you think it’s important to give music classes in the school?
What benefits can you get from painting as a hobby?
Do you think people’s preferences on arts changed in past few years? 
What makes a good painting?
Do you like art?
Would you like to study art?
Are there many museums in your country?
Do you think museums are useful for visitors?
Do you often visit museum? 
Did you go to any museums when you were a child?
When was the last time you visited a museum?
Do you think you can really learn history from films and TV programmes?
What do you usually do on a computer?
In what ways do people use computers in your country?
How computer literate are you?
How much have computers changed your life?
Do you think there are any disadvantages of computers?
When did you first use social media websites?
Is social media very popular in your country?
Do you think social media will become more popular in the future?
What do you think are the advantages and the disadvantages of social media websites?
Do you like to use social media websites?
Why should people have lots of different social media?
Do you prefer to read local news or international news?
Which is more popular where you live, newspapers or magazines?
Where do the Vietnamese people get their news?
Do you think the information on the internet is reliable?
How has TV changed our life?
What do you think of children watching TV?
What’s the difference between broadcasting news in the past and in the present?
In terms of news, do you think there is much difference between newspapers and news channels?
Why do people like negative news?
Can you usually see advertisements?
Describe the attitudes of the Vietnamese people towards advertisements.
Which do you think is the most effective means of advertising?
What do you think is the purpose of advertisements (or advertising)?
What kinds of products do you think are most suitable to be advertised?
Who usually do the grocery shopping in your home?
What kind of clothes do you usually wear?
What kinds of clothes do other people wear?
What kinds of clothes do teenagers wear?
Do you think clothes are important to people (why/why not)
When do you usually go shopping?
Where do you usually go shopping?
Do you ever buy things you see on television?
Is there any kind of shopping that you don't like?
What you say your home is a comfortable place to live?
Would you like to make any changes to your home?
Would you like to move to a different home?
What sort of home would you like to live in in the future?
What is the living environment like around your home?
What’s your favorite season?
Do you like snow?  
Do you like sunshine?
do you like plants
do you think plants can be a good gift 
can you grow plants 
do you know anything about growing a plant
do you keep plants at home
did you have plants when you are young
what can parents do to teach children to save money
why do young people tend to waste money what kinds of things do people like to buy in your country 
do schools in vietnam teach anything about financial management
what is it necessary to teach teenagers to manage money 
how do parents give pocket money in your country
do you ever feel bored what do you do when you are bored what kinds of things are boring to you
do you think young people are more likely to get bored
when you use map for the first time
how often do you use map 
do you prefer to use electronic map or paper map
have you asked someone for direction 
why do some people get lost easily but others don't 
are digital maps important 
will people rely more on digital maps in the future 
how do you find the way in an unfamiliar place
do you often do exercises? 
what kinds of exercises do you do? 
in the future do you want to try some new way of exercises 
do people around you do exercises? 
do young people in your country often do exercises? 
why some people can't do exercise?
should people do exercise?
have you bought anything advertised by celebrities
what was the dream job for you when you were young
have you changed your mind on your dream job 
what do you plan to do in the future 
what kinds of jobs are popular in vietnam
why do letters contain more emotions 
do you think emails are useful
what do you think is the most difficult kind of letter to write 
who do you usually write to and what do you write about 
do you prefer to write letters or emails 
how do you feel when you receive a letter or email 
what kinds of emails or letters do you receive that make you feel happy
what's your favorite festival 
what should be considered when making plans  
how the festival celebrated 
why do you like the festival 
are there any changes in celebrating the festivals in your country 
do you think festivals are important
how do young people think of the traditional festivals
do you usually wear watch 
what was your first watch like 
do you think time is very important 
what kind of watches do you like to wear 
where did you get your watch 
why do some people like to wear expensive watches 
what do you use your watch for 
do you often look at your watch 
how do you feel when you are late for an appointment 
how do you feel when others are late 
if you could go back in time what would you do
do you want to travel in the outer space 
what would you do if you had the opportunity to travel in space 
do you think it's necessary to see other planets 
when was the last time you went travel
do you like traveling by plane 
do you like travel over long distances
do you use dictionary 
which kind of dictionaries do you prefer to use 
do you think the dictionary is useful 
if someone gave you a dictionary as a gift, how would you feel 
do you think it would be interesting to meet a part of a team that is writing a dictionary
when do you usually sleep 
how long do you think is healthy to sleep 
is it necessary to take a nap everyday 
do old people sleep a lot 
do you always have a good sleep 
what can you do to improve sleep quality
what kinds of apps do you often use 
what mobile app do you want to have 
do you want to make your own app 
do people like using apps
do you keep a pet 
what is your favorite animal 
did you have any pets when you wear young 
do you like watching animals in the zoo 
is it important to let children know about animals 
what kinds of animals as a pet do people have in your country 
do you think cities are suitable places for a keeping a pet 
what do you think are the benefits of having a pet 
what's your favorite wild animal 
what's the role of animals in your country 
what are the people's attitudes to animals in your country 
what are the advantages and disadvantages of wildlife parks
do you listen to music while working 
do you change your favorite music in the future 
what kind of natural sound do you love listening to 
do you love listening to music
what kind of music do you love listening to 
where and when do you usually listen to music 
where do you prefer to listen to music, at home or in the concert hall 
which way would you prefer to listen to music mp3 or hifi
how do you feel about those kids who know how to play lots of instrument 
how do you feel about a phenomenon, that parents in vietnam are always forcing their kids to learn all kinds of instruments
do you read newspapers nowadays 
which newspaper do you often read 
what kinds of newspapers do you have in your country 
why do people read newspapers
what are some of things that people do to relax 
is it important for people to have leisure time
do you have a favorite teacher 
what kinds of teachers do you like
what kind of outdoor activities do you often do you 
what are the advantages of outdoor activities 
what activities did you do when you were young 
what's the difference in family activities when you were young and now 
how do you usually spend your spare time 
do you like spending time on your own, or with your family/ friends
do you spend a lot of time with teenagers 
what's the best part of being a teenager 
do you think friends are important in your life 
how can be a good friend to others 
what are the qualities you value in your best friend
how do you make new friends 
what are the differences between adults and children in making friends
do you usually meet new people
where do young people usually meet in your city 
have you made any friends on the internet
could you tell me something about your family 
what do you think are the changes in family structure in vietnam recently 
do you think it is good to live with the grandparents 
what's the woman's state is in the families 
do you think it good to be the only child in the family 
is there any generation gap in your family 
who is your closest family member 
what are your parents like 
how to foster children
what's the most popular means of transportation in your hometown 
how often do you take buses 
can you compare the advantages of planes and trains 
is driving to work popular in your country 
do you think people will drive more in the future 
would you write bikes to work in the future 
what do you think about trains, cars, and bicycles
what is your favorite gift 
have you ever received a gift that you didn't like 
do you prefer receiving a gift or giving a gift 
do you think it is difficult to choose what gift to give to others 
what were the gifts you sent to others recently 
do you like giving gifts to your friends 
what was the last gift you received
when do people in vietnam give gifts 
what are some of the gift-giving customs in vietnam
in vietnam is it necessary to bring gift when you visit someone
do you like boating
what have you ever done by boat
do vietnamese people usually travel by boat
do you want to own a boat
what do people use boats for
who gives the names in vietnam 
what's the tradition of giving names 
is there any specials that are moaning when babies are given their names 
why are some vietnamese names very similar to each other 
do people in vietnam ever change their names
what will you do if it is raining, and you forget to bring an umbrella 
does it rain a lot in your hometown 
do you choose an umbrella to bring, or a raincoat 
does rain ever affect transportation in your hometown 
what's the weather like in your hometown 
is there any special food in your hometown 
is there any interesting place in your hometown 
what do you like best about your hometown 
what are the advantages and disadvantages of living in your hometown 
do you think it good to travel in your hometown on foot 
do you prefer to live in a big city or a small-town 
are there any changes in your hometown recently 
what will your hometown become in the future
how old were you when you start to school